foreign Ministers of the world's leading
economies met in Rio de Janeiro to
discuss a road map ahead of the head of
state Summit in
November Brazil's foreign minister Mao
via criticized the paralysis of the UN
Security Council on the wars in Gaza and
Ukraine multilateral institutions are
not equipped to deal with the current
challenges as we have seen with the
unacceptable paralysis of the UN
Security Council with ongoing conflicts
this in action results in the loss of
innocent lives Brazil does not accept a
will that resolves differences with the
use of military
force by doing the meeting the attention
was also on the spat between Israel and
Brazil's president Lula Silva who
compared Israel's war on Gaza with the
Holocaust US Secretary of State Anthony
blinkin met with President Lula in the
capital Brazilia where they discussed
the war in Ukraine but also Gaza blinkin
said he did not agree with Lula's
comparison to the Holocaust all lies
here at the G20 Summit are on the latest
path between Brazil and Israel is not
the first time that President Lula Silva
shows his support for the Palestinian
people back in 2010 he resisted to visit
the tomb of Theodore herel the founder
of Zionism but his criticism of Israel
has generated tension with the
opposition and the Jewish community in
Brazil over 120 lawmakers many of them
supporters of former president J wono
are now hoping to impeach president Lula
saying his comments show hostility
towards a foreign
Nation we feel ashamed that the
president of our nation does not respect
another country and is not impartial in
this war our request for impeachment is
not for ideological reasons but because
he committed a
crime most anals agree it is unlikely
the proceeding will move forward Brazil
says it's trying to make the World more
equal and give the developing World a
say in international Affairs and that's
why it's hoping that G20 meetings in Rio
de Janeiro will be the first step
towards change there is aljas Rio de
janeo make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer